# hello_world
1st repository here :)
hello ! :)
I've been working in digital professions for 20 years. Designer is a good description of this position. Here you need to mention my many years of experience. In computer graphics from raster and vectors, projects for plotter cutting, through DTP, to large format prints. I created a lot of visual identities, both for new companies and applying renovation, refreshing the brand. I have been dealing with websites since the very beginning of the internet. I create HTML5 code, create a look with CSS3 and JQuery, I work with different frameworks, code in Java and PHP, I know SQL. I can implement a website from back end to front end :). I have also worked for over 5 years as a television producer, I can manage a film crew, I have experience in cinematography, I have an Apple certificate as a professional Final Cut editor. I have created a lot of materials for nationwide television, and movies for the needs of online media, presentations and video reports, music clips. In my work I often advised on public appearances and in front of the camera. My passion is sound, especially music. I worked 6 years in a radio station as a radio presenter and radio technician. I can record and edit sound, from voice-over recordings, through the creation of advertisements and trailers, to music recordings. At the same time, I find time to compose music, and to read. I read a lot from technical literature (knowledge must be constantly updated :)), biographical books and fictional literature. I can create text on any topic. That's it. Thank You for reading. If you want to, play with me tank battle on WoT Blitz!, my nick is Harther78.
